Update .NET troubleshooting doc (#16137)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting.md

   2. Open the `DD-DotNet-Profiler-Native-<Application Name>-<pid>` log file in the `/var/log/datadog` folder.

>    3. Look for `libddprof error: Failed to send profile.` entries: this message means it can't contact the agent. Ensure the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set to the correct Agent URL, please refer to the [Enabling the .NET Profiler-Configuration][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Look for `libddprof error: Failed to send profile.` entries: this message means it can't contact the agent. Ensure the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set to the correct Agent URL. See [Enabling the .NET Profiler-Configuration][5] for more information.
```

   2. Open the `DD-DotNet-Profiler-Native-<Application Name>-<pid>` log file in the `%ProgramData%\Datadog-APM\logs\DotNet` folder.

>    3. Look for `libddprof error: Failed to send profile.` entries: This message means that it can't contact the agent. Ensure the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set to the correct Agent URL, please refer to the [Enabling the .NET Profiler-Configuration][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Look for `libddprof error: Failed to send profile.` entries: This message means that it can't contact the agent. Ensure the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set to the correct Agent URL. See [Enabling the .NET Profiler-Configuration][5] for more information.
```
